There is a new trend blowing up across
different platforms with videos raking
in millions of views. And this trend has
grown so quickly that it has reached a
point where in some cases new creators
are able to reach monetization within a
short period of time. Like this TikTok
creator right here who has pulled in
over 300,000 followers with almost every
video going viral. Or even this one
[music] who started posting less than a
month ago and their videos are already
gaining traction. But here's the thing,
this trend stands out because these
videos are not just random AI generated
content that people scroll past.
Instead, they are built on strong
storylines and visuals that help keep
viewers engaged. And that's a big reason
why these videos get pushed out to a
larger audience. That's why in this
video, I'm going to show you the full
process [music] to create these viral
fruit videos without needing any prior
experience. Because I've developed a
structured workflow and put a lot of
time into refining every part of it. And
I'm going to share it with you for free.
[music] And with the knowledge I'm about
to share, you'll be able to create
videos in this niche that are designed
to perform well across different
platforms [music] and start building
some serious results over time. Now to
make this easier to follow, I've split
the video into two parts. In the first
part, I'll show you how to create these
videos by using a single AI tool that
allows you to create videos in just a
couple [music] of minutes. And in the
second part, I'll show you a method to
create high performing videos by using
free tools. So you don't have to spend a
single dollar to get started. So now
that you know the entire plan, let's
start with the first part of the video
where we will use [music] one single
tool for the entire process. The tool
that I'm talking about is called Corpy
AI. So go ahead and open it. Now once
you are in, here you will find many
different templates that are currently
trending. But the one that we will be
using is the AI fruit story template. So
go ahead and open that one. Now with
that done, the first thing you will see
is the video script section where you
can enter your own script for the video.
But let me show you a much easier way.
Here you will find the generate with AI
feature which is basically a built-in
story generator specifically made for
this niche. As you can see, there is a
list of ideas that you can use. Or you
can even use the custom topic feature
where you can simply explain the story
and it will create a full script for
you. But in my case, I will use the idea
list since to be honest, the built-in
ideas are really engaging. And here I
will use the cheats back idea since it's
trending right now. Now above that, you
will find the duration section where you
can adjust the duration of your video.
And here I prefer to set it to 45
seconds. Although the video will be
longer than that and you will see why
shortly. Now that everything is set,
click on the generate button below. And
just like that, it will provide you with
a list of ideas that you can use for
your video. Now you can select any idea
that you want. And every idea created
here is pretty solid. So you can't go
wrong with any of them. Now with that
done, click on the select button below
which will initiate the script creation
process. This process will be pretty
fast. And once it's done, as you can
see, we have just created a full script
from start to finish. And the script
matches the idea that we have selected
which is exactly what we need. Also, you
saw how easy this process is. So I
recommend that you use the built-in
script creator to create an engaging
script. So now that the script is in
place, the next thing that you need to
do is open the scenes menu and then open
the model section below. As you can see,
here you will find a couple of different
image creation models and you can use
any model that you want. But I will use
the nano banana free model since it does
not require any credits. Now that the
model is set, simply click on the
generate scenes button which will
initiate the image creation process.
This process will take around a minute
or two. And once it's done, all of the
images will be fully created from start
to finish. And as you can see, all of
the images are made in a 3D Pixar style
look and the characters match our niche
which is exactly what we need. Now just
in case you don't like some of your
images, you can replace any of them with
your own image if you want to generate
one on your own. Or an easier way is to
regenerate each of the images.
Basically, here you need to select the
same model that you used before. Then
the prompt will be automatically created
for you. So the only thing you need to
do is click on the regenerate button and
it will provide you with a new image
that represents that exact scene. Now in
my case, all of the images came out
amazing. So I don't need to regenerate
any of them. So now that the images are
in place, let's animate them. To do
that, click on the animation button
right here and then open the model
section above. Here you will find
multiple animation models including
Sora, Vio, and Seedance. But the one
that I will be using is the cling model
since it is more affordable and includes
an audio option as well which is
important. Now with that done, in the
duration section below, you can adjust
the duration of your scenes. And here
make sure to set the duration to 10
seconds so that the dialogue in your
videos does not get cut off. Now that
everything is set, click on the
animation button below which will
initiate the video creation process.
This process will take a few minutes.
And once it's done, as you can see, we
have animated all of our images. And we
did it by following a simple process
instead of creating each scene manually.
So now that all of the images are
animated, the next thing you need to do
is open the audio menu where you will
need to add background music to your
video. Here you will find a list of
tracks that you can use. But if you want
to be safe, you can upload your own
track into this section and use that for
your video. Now after you have chosen a
background track, your video is
basically complete. To export the video,
simply click on the generate button
below. And just like that, your video
will be saved. So now that everything is
ready, let's see how the final video
came together.
I'm just running to the corner store. We
are out of [music] milk.
I will be back in 10 minutes.
Okay, please hurry back, honey.
He's been fussy all morning. She thinks
I'm stupid. Purple skin, a green stem.
It's humiliating. I am a red strawberry.
I deserve better than this.
Hi, Poppy. You look so tense. Need
someone to squeeze the stress out of
you. I was just getting milk. But
suddenly, I'm thirsty for something
else.
Forget the grocery list. Let me take you
somewhere we can really peel back
[music] the layers.
You're nothing like the others. [music]
Strawberry, you're exactly what I've
been looking for. [singing]
I'm forgetting everything.
My old life is [music] gone.
They're all I need.
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Viva Las Vegas!
>> [laughter]
>> Where have you been?
Who is she?
Pack your bags. [music]
I have a new wife now. Get out!
Don't cry, little one.
>> [music]
>> We don't need him.
We'll survive somehow.
So now that I've shown you how to create
videos by using the first method, let's
start with the second part of the video
where we will do everything using only
free AI tools. And this part is going to
be very interesting. So watch closely.
Now to start off, open the ultimate
fruit GPT which I have linked in the
description below. I designed this GPT
to handle most of the process for you
and you will see how shortly. Now once
you are in, the first thing that you
need to do is simply type start. And
once you click on the generate button
below, chat GPT will provide you with a
list of 10 video ideas that are
specifically made for this niche. Now
the next thing you need to do is choose
the idea that you like the most which
you will use to create your video. Now
that you have chosen an idea, simply
copy it then paste it into the prompt
section below and click on the generate
button which will initiate the
generation process. And once it's done,
as you can see, it will provide you with
a full video script from start to finish
where you can clearly see which
characters are included in the story
along with the full dialogue between
them which is exactly what we need. Now
that the entire script is in place, the
next thing that you need to do is simply
type continue and then click on the
generate button to initiate the next
process. And once it's done, chat GPT
will provide you with image prompts for
all of the characters included in your
story which are very important. So now
that all of the prompts are ready, you
can move on to the next step where we
will use flow. So go ahead and open it.
Once you are in, start by opening the
settings below and then make sure to
enable the image creation feature. Next,
set the aspect ratio to 9 by 16. And in
the model section below, select nano
banana pro since it is pretty optimized.
Now with that done, head back into the
chat GPT session from before and copy
the image prompt for the first
character. Next, go back into flow,
paste the prompt into the prompt section
below and click on the generate button
to start the image creation process. And
once it's done, as you can see, [music]
we have created an image of our first
character where the full body is shown.
And the image includes a plain white
background which is exactly what we
need. So now that the first image is
ready, head back into chat GPT and copy
the prompt for the second character.
Then return to flow, paste the prompt
into the prompt section below and click
on the generate button. And once it's
done, we have just created an image of
our second character which includes the
same key elements as the first one. Now
with that done, go back into chat GPT.
But this time, copy the prompt for the
third character. Then return to flow,
paste the prompt into the prompt section
below and generate the image in the same
way as before. And once it's done, we
have just created an image of our third
and final character. And the image came
out pretty solid as well. So now that
generated all of the characters from
your story, head back into chat GPT and
in the prompt section below, type
continue. Then click on the generate
button to start the next process. Once
everything is done, chat GPT will
provide you with a full list of image
prompts that will be used to create all
of the scenes. All of the prompts are
designed to keep consistency across all
scenes and to be visually engaging which
is very important for this niche. So now
that all of the scenes are ready, start
by copying the prompt for the first
scene. Then head back into flow and
paste it into the prompt section below.
Now with that done, you need to go
through the prompt and see which
characters are included in that scene.
In my scene, the characters that are
included are the male apple and the
female apple. Now with that out of the
way, click on the reference button and
then select the first character that is
included in your prompt. Next, click on
the reference button again, and this
time select the second character that is
included in your prompt. With that done,
you can see that now both of the
characters are set as reference images.
So, now that everything is set, click on
the generate button below, which will
initiate the generation process. And
once it's done, we have created an image
that represents our first scene. As you
can see, both of our characters are
included in the image, which is exactly
what we need. So, now that the first
image is ready, head back into Chat GPT,
and this time copy the prompt for the
second scene. Next, head back into Flow
and paste the prompt into the prompt
section below. Now, once again, you need
to go through the prompt and see which
characters are included. Both of the
Apple characters are included in my
prompt, so I will simply add both of the
images in the same way as before, since
they need to be included in the main
image. Now, with that done, simply click
on the generate button, and once the
process is done, you can see that we
have created a brand new image that
represents the second scene. Yet again,
both of our characters are included in
it with full consistency, which is
exactly what we need. So, now that you
know how to create the images, make sure
that you generate all of the scenes
until you use up all of your prompts.
And just to save some time, I have
already done that, and you can see that
all of my images are fully consistent,
and the quality looks great, which will
help the final video look more polished.
So, now that you have created all of the
images, the next thing that you need to
do is head back into the Chat GPT
session from before. And in the prompt
section below, simply type continue.
Then click on the generate button to
initiate the generation process. Once
it's done, Chat GPT will provide you
with a list of animation prompts that
you will use to animate all of your
images. Also, all of the animation
prompts include the voice-over lines for
each scene. So, now that all of your
prompts are ready, start by copying the
animation prompt for the first scene,
and then head back into Flow. Here, make
sure to find the image for the first
scene, which is basically the first
image that you created, and then click
on the animation button right here,
which will automatically place your
image as the first frame. Next, paste
the prompt into the prompt section
below. And with that done, open the
video settings on the right side. In
this section right here, simply copy the
same settings that I'm using, since they
are well optimized for these kinds of
videos. So, now that everything is set,
click on the generate button below,
which will initiate the video creation
process. And once it's done, as you can
see, we have created a full video that
represents our first scene. The video
also includes voice-over, and the
quality looks solid. So, now that you
have created the first video, head back
into Chat GPT, and this time copy the
animation prompt for the second scene.
Next, head back into Flow, then find the
image for the second scene and click on
the same animation button as before.
Now, with that done, paste the prompt
into the prompt section below, and then
click on the generate button, which will
initiate the video creation process.
Once it's done, we have created a full
video that represents the second scene.
And this one came out great as well,
since it includes voice-over and the
details are very solid. So, now that you
know how to animate all of the images,
make sure to repeat the same process
until you use up all of the animation
prompts that you have created. Once you
are done, make sure that you do not
forget to download each of the videos.
Basically, you can download each of the
videos in the original size, or if you
are using the paid version, you can
download them in 4K resolution, which is
a bit sharper. And with that out of the
way, you are now finally ready for the
next step, where I will show you how to
edit the entire video. So, watch
closely. Now, for this step, we will use
an editing tool called CapCut. So, go
ahead and open it. Now, once you are in,
start by importing everything that you
have created so far, which are all of
the videos and a background music, which
is optional. With that done, select all
of the videos and drag them down into
the editing timeline. Now, the important
thing is that you should position all of
your videos in order from the first to
the last scene, so that they match the
entire storyline. So, now that
everything is in place, you need to go
through all of the scenes and make sure
to cut any parts without voice-over, or
parts that feel unnecessary. This step
is very simple, because you only need to
remove small parts that are not needed.
But if you want, you can also leave all
of the scenes as they are, since it does
not make a big difference. And just to
save some time, I have already done
that, and now you can see that all of my
scenes are clean and positioned
properly. Now, with that done, the next
thing that you need to do is open the
text section above, then open the auto
captions feature. And here, simply click
on the generate button to start the
process. Once it's done, as you can see,
we have added captions throughout the
entire video. But there is a small
issue. The captions we added look basic,
so let me show you how to improve them.
To do that, first open the font section
on the right side, and select the font
that you like the most. In my case, I
will use this one right here, since it
looks clean. Next, click on the
uppercase button, which will make your
text fully uppercase and easier to read.
Then, in the presets below, you can
choose any preset that you like. But I
prefer to use this one right here, since
it is clean and helps the text stand out
more. With that done, scroll down a bit,
and in this section, make sure to scale
up your text to make it bigger,
depending on the font that you are
using. Now, finally, open the animation
section above, and under the caption
animations, you will find many options
that you can use. You can use any
animation that you want, but in my case,
I will use this one right here, since it
is clean. So, feel free to use the same
one. Now that everything is set, you can
see that the captions look much clearer
and cleaner, which will make your video
look more polished. Now, with the
captions in place, the next thing that
you need to do is open the music menu
above. And under the music section, you
will find many tracks that you can use.
Now, it's up to you to choose which
track you want to use. But if you want
to be safe, you can upload your own
background music and use it in your
video. Drag the track down into the
editing timeline, then trim it at the
beginning so that it starts at a good
part and makes the video more engaging.
With that done, trim the track at the
end so that it matches the exact length
of your video. Now, to make it even
better, in the settings on the right
side, make sure to lower the volume to
around minus 20, so that it does not
overpower your voice-over. Then, you can
also add a 1-second fade in to make it
smoother. And below that, add a 3-second
fade out to make the ending of the track
cleaner. So, now that the track is set,
select all of the assets above the
background music, then right-click on
any of them and create a compound clip,
which will merge everything into one
clean asset. Once that's done, open the
animation section on the right side, and
under the out animation, select the fade
out animation, which will make your
video end more smoothly. And with that
out of the way, your video is now
complete. Now, to export the video,
click on the export button above, which
will open the export settings. Here, you
can copy the exact settings that I'm
using, since they are well optimized for
this format. Once that's done, click on
the export button below, and just like
that, your video will be saved. So, now
that the video is ready, let's see how
it came out.
Why are you dressed like that tonight?
Where are you going?
Just work stuff. Don't wait up. It's
really important tonight.
Work doesn't send cars like that.
I need to see the truth myself, no
matter how much it hurts.
Who is that? And why is she smiling like
that?
You deserve everything, and I'll give
you a better life than him.
I've been waiting for this, and
I'm finally free from him.
After everything I did,
this is how you betray me?
Sir, you're not allowed here. Leave
immediately, or we escalate [music]
this. Wait. He followed me? This wasn't
supposed to happen like this.
Tell me the truth right now. How long
have you lied to me?
Long enough for her to choose me over
you without regret. [music]
I
I didn't mean for it to end like this.
I'm sorry.
You didn't lose me tonight.
You lost someone who truly loved you.
So, now that I showed you the entire
process to create these videos using two
different methods, you have everything
you need to get started. But in order to
make this work, you still need to stay
consistent and put in a lot of effort.
Also, if this video helped you out, make
sure to hit the like button and leave a
comment below. And as always, keep
pushing, and I'll see you in the next
one.